Prepare for 0.7.0 (#309)
microsoft/cordova-simulate: RELEASENOTES.md

# cordova-simulate Release Notes

## 0.7.0 (January 23, 2020)
* Fixed security vulnerabilities [#307](https://github.com/microsoft/cordova-simulate/pull/307)

> * Updated Device, OS and user-agent list [#302](https://github.com/microsoft/cordova-simulate/pull/302), thanks to [@mfish33](https://github.com/mfish33)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated Device, OS and user-agent list for iOS devices [#302](https://github.com/microsoft/cordova-simulate/pull/302), thanks to [@mfish33](https://github.com/mfish33)
```

> * Added command to generate unique UUIDs for simulated devices with UUID4 id format [#303](https://github.com/microsoft/cordova-simulate/pull/303), thanks to [@mfish33](https://github.com/mfish33)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added launch argument `--generateids` to generate unique UUIDs for simulated devices with UUID4 id format [#303](https://github.com/microsoft/cordova-simulate/pull/303), thanks to [@mfish33](https://github.com/mfish33)
```
